Add debug terminals changelog (#23454)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-07-04-javascript-debug-terminals.mdx

---

> title: Support for JavaScript debug terminals in VSCode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Workers now supports JavaScript debug terminals in VSCode, Cursor and Windsurf IDEs
```

This works beyond VSCode, and we should mention the code editors that people are using, so that people understand that not confined just to the VSCode product

Reviewer: Can we update and reflect in copy below as well?

description: Wrangler, the Cloudflare Vite plugin, and Miniflare now support breakpoint debugging via JavaScript debug terminals in VSCode
products:
  - workers
date: 2025-07-04T01:00:00Z
---

In 2023 we announced [breakpoint debugging support](https://blog.cloudflare.com/debugging-cloudflare-workers/) for Workers, which meant that you could easily debug your Worker code in Wrangler's built-in devtools (accessible via the `[d]` hotkey) as well as multiple other devtools clients, [including VSCode](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/dev-tools/breakpoints/). For most developers, breakpoint debugging via VSCode is the most natural flow, but until now it's required [manually configuring a `launch.json` file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/dev-tools/breakpoints/#setup-vs-code-to-use-breakpoints), running `wrangler dev`, and connecting via VSCode's built-in debugger.

> Now, using VSCode's built-in [JavaScript Debug Terminals](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_javascript-debug-terminal), there are just two steps: open a JS debug terminal and run `wrangler dev` (or `vite dev`). VSCode will automatically connect to your running Worker (even if you're running multiple Workers at once!) and start a debugging session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, using VSCode's built-in [JavaScript Debug Terminals](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_javascript-debug-terminal), there are just two steps: open a JS debug terminal (Cmd + Shift + P and then type `javascript debug`) and run `wrangler dev` (or `vite dev`) from within the debug terminal. VSCode will automatically connect to your running Worker (even if you're running multiple Workers at once!) and start a debugging session.
```

Suggestion to make easier to go straight into trying this out
